Base template - draft #2 (#14)
thegooddocsproject/incubator: base-template/base-template.md

> <!-- Describe the title of your article by replacing "Base Template" with the page name you want to publish to. -->

Reviewer: We shouldn't be making use of HTML comments because they don't get rendered in github and some readers won't find these comments. I suggest follow the convention we started within the [Style Guide](https://github.com/thegooddocsproject/incubator/blob/master/style-guide/template-style-guide.md) and use {Brackets for Variables} and instructions to the author.

Author: This was just in the original source code of the markdown page, it's not needed, I shall delete it.

# Base template

## Overview

> The base template is a blueprint that outlines any type of template required for a specific documentation type. That is, the base template will guide you through the process of creating a well structured template that can be used to create/standardize multiple documents similar in content. 

Reviewer: Maybe start with something like:
The base captures the structure and common elements that all doc type templates associated with The Good Docs Project should follow. It includes guidance for downstream template authors to follow when creating a new template.
Note: I think we should call out "template author" as the target audience.

> Commonly used documentation types that we come across in our routine work can be broadly categorized into how-to guides, tutorials, reference or explanation documents. Any document that you create is likely to either be one of these types or a combination of a few of them. With the help of the base template, you can create a uniform, regulated template for any of these documentation types.

Reviewer: At the base template level, I'm inclined not to call out the lower level templates. But if we are, I think there is probably only three, not four templates to call out:
* Procedural, or step-wise, or ... (not sure what the right word is here)
* Reference
* Explanation
I'd also be inclined to put this explanation in the "About" page.

Reviewer 2: I'd use concept, task, and reference.

Author: Right, I'll re-work on this section. Thank you @camerons and @Loquacity for the suggestions.

> You are likely to require the base template to create a new template or modify an existing one,  if you have identified repetitive, similarly structured content in multiple documents that need to be uniformly structured and aligned to a standardized document. 

Reviewer: I'd delete this sentence.
If people are following The Good Docs Project processes, then we are expecting them to follow our base template guidance.

Author: Meaning? Sorry, I didn't understand this. What I'm trying to say here is, "when" you are likely to need the Base template. As in, how would you know you need the base template?

> ## Before you start

Reviewer: Under each heading, I'd be expecting to see writing guidance to the template author. Something like:
{All templates should include this section. It should list any skillsets or prior reading which would be expected from a document author who is about to write their own document against your template.}
or
{A template may optionally include this section, based on <some condition>.}

Then proceed to provide example text.

To be able to make the best of this base template,  you should have sufficient knowledge of:

> <ol>

Reviewer: Could you please convert this to markdown format instead of HTML

Author: I thought this was markdown! :) I was just trying to get at a numbered list, will try to see if there are alternate ways of doing it in markdown.

> <ol>
> <li>Technical documentation types - to be able to identify the type of documentation you need to create a template for, or modify the existing one into.</li>
> <li>Writing technical documentation - to accurately and clearly express instructions to the reader.</li>
> </ol>

Reviewer 2: Numbered lists work like this:

```suggestion
1. Technical documentation types - to be able to identify the type of documentation you need to create a template for, or modify the existing one into.
1. Writing technical documentation - to accurately and clearly express instructions to the reader.
```

But I would argue that being only two steps long doesn't make it long enough for a numbered list, it should probably be paras :wink:

Although the specific template you are creating may vary, ensure that you have covered the basics of a good template. <br>

Some of the essential elements of your template would be:
<ul>
<li>Title - include a title. The title should be reflective of what your template is for. </li>
<li>Overview - a brief description of what your template can be used for.</li>
<li>Prerequisites / before you start </li>
<li>Procedures</li>
<li>Images / screenshots</li>
<li>Code snippets - include a sample snippet with expected formatting and styles.</li>
<li>Optionally, repetitive content like, organization introduction, disclaimer, glossary etc.</li>
<li>Page structure - header, title, page numbers, table of content etc.</li>
<li>Styles</li>
<li>Directory structure</li>
<li>Naming conventions for directories, files, documents etc.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Use consistent language and tone throughout your docs.</li><br>

<li>Once you have created the template that you require, you can optionally add it to the existing archive of Good Docs Project Templates, to be used by the wider community.
</ol><br>

> ## Examples

Reviewer: I'd be inclined to suggest that we shouldn't create example templates.
Reason being is that the best examples we have are our existing templates (which hopefully will be updated to follow our base template).
